The single of Overkill was released on 16th February 1979
and reached #39 on the UK singles chart.
Overkill the album was recorded at Roundhouse Studios
by former Rolling Stones producer, Jimmy Miller.
It was the first time Phil ‘Philthy Animal’ Taylor
played double bass on a song
and was often played as an extended version live as the finale.
The cover of both the Overkill single and album
were created by artist Joe Petagno.
Overkill charted at #24 on the UK album chart, their highest to date.
They also performed the song on Top Of The Pops.
The song has been covered by Metallica, Overkill and Grave Digger over the years.
Overkill featured on the video games SSX On Tour
and Guitar Hero World Tour
where you could play along to the song on guitar
Overkill closed the bands live set on their final tour,
meaning it was the last song they ever played together.